of the grace that is going to say the one who does not
bother anyone
elche that is going to be delivered by envelope
by postal mail that they send it to her as a
joke no no no no but here funny on
board me who cracks up with humor I do not
know why they call Tuesday and 3 and who
wants to recover Mars and 3 or when
we have this right in front of us and now it
is not as simple as you staying in the
background let the winner
go up moment give her the check and turn
there and you are not going to have your moment of
questions like you like to
ask her how she wipes her ass to
ask her where is your question
Sonia personal my heart we love you we
have always loved Sonia why do you
want you to be in front of
the plate so that the entity puts with the
pity in front of her so that she insults
someone in her family well for that it is
better to pass not to have a bad time